Update descriptions to not discourage GOG players as much (#742)
henpemaz/Rain-Meadow: Readme.md

Rain Meadow is a mod that can be loaded as just any mod. Each player launches their game and joins a lobby. Lobbies can be created with different game-modes selected, and the lobby owner can tweak settings for a lobby. Hot-join is supported.

> Rain Meadow uses the Steam API to manage discoverable lobbies. Thus, if the game is not owned/launched on Steam, it can only create and use "LAN" lobbies at specific IP addresses ("domain: local" lobbies joined through "direct connect")

Reviewer: Because LAN is a common acronym, quotation marks are not necessary. This sentence is also wordy.

Consider:
```suggestion 
Rain Meadow uses the Steam API to manage world-wide discoverable lobbies. Alternatively, Rain Meadow allows you to create discoverable lobbies local to your network.
```
